Competition: [Calculater.net GPA Calculator](https://www.calculator.net/gpa-calculator.html), [University of Toronto GPA Calculator](https://gpacalc.utoronto.ca/calculator/#/),
[Rapid Tables](https://www.rapidtables.com/calc/grade/grade-calculator.html)

## Similiarities
All competitors above offer similar features to Promedio and in general share a congruent concept. All 3 products are able to take in data in a tabular form with each row representing a particular course/assignment and calculates a GPA/Grade based on its weightage and grade in that particular course/assignment. Meanwhile Promedio is able to offer these basic functionalities, we clearly take it quite a step further.

## Differences
Comparing to Calculator.net and UofT GPA Calculator, notice that the functionality is only limited to calculating GPA based on overall grade for courses. Although this is a part of one of the features Promedio offers, it is more so focused on managing progress within these courses. Bringing us to RapidTables, which offers this functionality, where students are able to input assignments, quizzes, exams, etc along with their weightage and grade, and the calculator returns a final average grade while also showing useful information such as additional grade needed to surpass a particular desired grade. The major difference Promedio offers here is the ability to automate rows of data, for e.g. if a course has $x$ number of quizzes all worth $y$%, this would mean repitition of $x$ rows which the user would have to manually input on Rapid Tables. Promedio will be able to automate the creation of these $x$ rows and automatically name them along with their weightage. 

To summarize Promedio is able combine the main features from all the mentioned competition and build much more on top of it. Users will also be able create accounts to save their data and reuse spreadsheets, etc.

## Why some features are missing in the competition / Cost of features
The main goal behind most GPA calculators is generality and ease of use. Its safe to assume that most users probably don't attend the same institution and grading scheme, GPA scales, etc, can vary vastly from user to user. But cluttering the website with a lot of toggles and settings only contributes negatively to the ease of use which is why most of our competitors opt for generality and stick with a certain schema of grading. Another key feature we don't see in any of our competitors is the ability to signup/login to be able to save and manage data. This comes with the cost of hosting and managing an entire database of users which is a reason why most competitors choose not to offer this feature. The motivation behind Promedio is to offer these features competitors are lacking while still keeping in mind the ease of use of our application, we want our users to be able to customize the calculator to their needs without relying much on generality while also maintaining a clean and usable interface.