doc/sprint0/stories-rough.md, before:

## User Stories
### Format: [User Story] [Points] [Assigned To]


Academic categories -> "Assignments", "Tests", "Quizzes", etc.
1. Basic display of academic categories + calculation of basic, self-contained category results [20SP]
2. Addition of extra categories given certain calculation schemes + course completion indicator (x% completed out of y% where y *should* be 100%) [40SP]
    2.5 Deletion of categories and/or rows [20SP]
    2.75 Better editing of worth [5SP]
3. Calculation of average of all categories + conversion to given GPA scheme + mark goal + remaining mark to achieve [20SP]
4. Grouping of spreadsheets in semesters/folders (navigation bar) [10SP]
5. Average cGPA summarization pages in folders/custom groupings [10SP]
6. Registration page [10SP]
7. Login page [10SP]
8. Profile customization (+ setting custom GPA) [5SP]
9. Marketplace for sheet templates from other people [5SP]
    9.5 Filtering/search bar? [3SP]
10. Light/dark mode [5SP]
11. Intro page for non-registered users [5SP]
12. Log out button? [2SP]
13. Tutorial for first-time users [10SP]

Commit message:

Updated user stories with Preyansh

doc/sprint0/stories-rough.md, after:

## User Stories
### Format: [User Story] [Points] [Assigned To]


Academic categories -> "Assignments", "Tests", "Quizzes", etc.
1. As a user, I should have a landing page where I am welcomed and able to select Login or Signup. [5SP]
2. As a user, I want to be able to signup for an account to save my data [10SP]
3. As a user, I want to be able to login to my account to access my data [5SP]
4. As a user I should be able to logout of my account if needed [2SP]
5. As a user I should be able to edit and customize my user details such as name or email or password [10SP]
6. As a user, I want to be able to create, edit, & delete courses to calculate my grade [10SP]
7. As a user, I want to be able to organize my courses by semester so I can see only the courses I have currently. I would be able to create, edit, & delete semesters [10SP]
8. As a user, I want to be able to add, edit, & delete academic categories such as ‘Assignment’, or ‘Quiz’, but also add my own custom ones [15SP]
9. As a user, I want to be able to add individual grades (rows) to each category to help me keep track of my marks for the course.  [20SP]
10. As a user I should be able to preview what a table will look like when editing/adding a grade [5SP]
11. As a user, I should be to see how much of the course I have completed to analyze my grades [10SP]
12. As a user, I should be able to view my courses in two different views, the first being by semester second being a list of all the courses, ordered by created date. [8SP]
13. As a user, I should be able to learn how to use the app with a tutorial [20SP]
14. As a user, I should be able to calculate the average of all my categories [15SP]
15. As a user, I should be able to calculate my cGPA for a course or a semester [12SP]
16. As a user I should be able to set a mark goal, and see how much better I need to do compared to my current mark, to reach that goal [15SP]
17. As a user I should be able to share my course to a public URL to share with friends [20SP]
18. As a user, I should be able to toggle between light and dark mode to help my eyes in the nighttime [15SP]
19. As a user I should be able to export to csv, Google Sheets, or Excel to help me use the power of third-party tools [12SP]
20. As user I should be able to graph all of my grades by course or semester to help me see where I need to improve in the long run
